the last night we viewed some amazing
new technology that Cisco built
especially for us it's a giant video
screen we call the wall of America and
here
all over the country look at this we got
people from st. Louis from North
Hollywood from Limerick Pennsylvania
from Canterbury Connecticut here's a guy
with some kind of wrestling belts on up
the corner they're from and tonight we
thought it would be fun to play a game
of show-and-tell we asked people to show
us something interesting that they have
in their houses and to tell us a little
bit about that so I wonder where we
should start here let's see let's start
with David from Sacramento Dave Dave
hello Dave bring Dave up on the big
screen how you doing Dave how are you
fantastic it's a great Monday and that
is a great hat too
it's kind of a polarizing how do you
either love it or you yeah I know
so you're saying you've met people who
are in the loved' category all right all
right well Dave Bahr he's the Hat the
item that you wanted to show us tonight
actually the Hat is not the item Jen a
what is it rather it is this thing that
I made a while ago in a sculpture class
in Berkeley California and it kind of it
sort of creep people out a little bit
and I know this if you put flowers into
it it kind of changes the dynamic it's
kind of a happy accident that happen and
I find that people really kind of enjoy
it Wow you know I have to say this wall
has already paid for itself well that's
a nice thing
Dave all right who is our who will be
next here let's see we got so many hold
up your items we're up how about Susan
Susan from Brooklyn Susan how are you I
am doing okay very good thank you what
is that thing you have there this is a
little plastic boy and he looks normal
but you pulled down his pants oh I had
that on my wedding registry actually of
all the things you have in your house
that was the thing he wanted to show us
and tell us about huh that is it okay
all right Thank You Susan say hi to
everybody back in Brooklyn it's
overwhelming really all right let's go
to Sarah is Sarah's in Petaluma there hi
Sarah how are you I'm doing well thank
you what have you there Buster wants to
eat Ricky Schroder there I don't see the
signature what does it say oh really
Andy you still love him to this day
all right Sarah hold on we have another
gentleman from California named Rick
let's put Rick up on the screen and
hello Rick
where are you phoning in from right now
well let's see there's Rick hi Rick
Airport we're at the airport right now
well it's so funny you know young lady
named Sara just showed us her her item
to show and tell what do you have to
show us and tell us about
Wow I feel like we're in the middle of a
sex chat all this really quick yeah I've
been relegated to this kind of work now
flight home to your acting soul yes more
than welcome to company if you can pay
the fees you everyone is welcome well
thank you Rick your owner Sarah thank
you very much you guys can stick around
here because we still have more show to
come they may be able to take some
questions for our guests and if you want
to be a part of the wall of America you
go to Jimmy Kimmel Live calm you'll see
all the information there you can join
in live where you can just sit there and
watch like a lump so hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
thanks for watching it means a lot to me
and if you'd like to take our
relationship to the next level click the
subscribe button below I'll wait for you